---
title: 'TC: Timeline and Plans'
layout: default
author: ["@mbaudis", "@MKonopko", "@mcourtot"]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
www_link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t0WINn-8zw5ZohF2TAGelSKX7xSDR7nBl9iZWk44NWM/edit#heading=h.tlj9mocgsmh0
category:
  - minutes
tags:
  - news
---

## {{ page.title }} (Summary)

The first regular meeting after GA4GH Connect focussed on the general plan - {S}[B] proposal for GA4GH SC in September? - and the concrete next steps.

<!--more-->

#### Next Steps

* each WS or product development team providing 1-2 key things that they want to have represented to help us understand our needs
		- 1 month for this
		- Moni Munoz-Torres will create collection doc(s)
* concrete work on JSON Schema examples for representation on site
    - Ben & Isuru will co-ordinate; Michael will take care of blocks -> website 
* repository structure: separate repositories for "standards" and "playground"
    - probably also one for example snapshot implementations
    - working document to discuss this setup was created by Melanie - [please contribute](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sgjONdfwcfwGdegHelVwkqw6odhEWBRj9A5aRDARsrQ/edit)

##### Participants

* Michael Baudis
* Matt Brush (Monarch)
* Melanie Courtot
* Ian Fore (NCI Data Commons/GDC)
* Ben Hutton (Sanger)
* Melissa Konopko
* Isuru Liyanage (EBI)
* Moni Munoz-Torres (Monarch)
* Lindsay Smith (GA4GH)
* Heidi Sofia (NHGRI)
* Deepak Unni (LBNL)


